README.md, before:

# Welcome to Bricktown.

## Description:
rp_bricktown is a Garry's Mod DarkRP map inspired by rp_downtown, and it's derivative work rp_downtown_v4c_v2, which was by large & by far the most popular map for the gamemode. 
Despite rp_downtown_v4c_v2's popularity, the map has some glaring faults. It wasn't built using any best-practices, has many odd inconsistencies, and suffers from poor optimization for a map of it's size and detail.

Five years ago, I figured my solution would be to build a derivative work of my own, from scratch, preserving certain aspects of the layout of rp_downtown while filling in the rest with original work. 
Over time, rp_bricktown has taken on an identity and charm of it's own, and I'm incredibly proud of the result. 
While I never expect rp_bricktown to reach the same popularity as other successful rp_downtown derivatives, I'm incredibly grateful for the thousands(!!!) who've downloaded and checked out the map throughout it's development, it's y'all that have made it all worthwhile :^))

## Map Edits & .VMF file.
I invite people to fork the project & make their own versions!

I provide the .VMF file, so that individuals can  put their unique spin on it with new areas, buildings, optimizations, or smaller server-specific edits like putting their group logo on PD or something. 

I leave it up to them, as long as they comply with the CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 license!

## License Notes
The Creative Commons license only covers the .VMF file, the design of the map itself, and models and textures created by me, Softboi Mark.
Please consult the Credits file for content contained in the .BSP not owned my myself.

Commit message:

Uploaded Assets
These are the models and textures I've created for the map so far.

Unlike the map itself, these assets are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Bricktown.

## Description:
rp_bricktown is a Garry's Mod DarkRP map inspired by rp_downtown, and it's derivative work rp_downtown_v4c_v2, which was by large & by far the most popular map for the gamemode. 
Despite rp_downtown_v4c_v2's popularity, the map has some glaring faults. It wasn't built using any best-practices, has many odd inconsistencies, and suffers from poor optimization for a map of it's size and detail.

Five years ago, I figured my solution would be to build a derivative work of my own, from scratch, preserving certain aspects of the layout of rp_downtown while filling in the rest with original work. 
Over time, rp_bricktown has taken on an identity and charm of it's own, and I'm incredibly proud of the result. 
While I never expect rp_bricktown to reach the same popularity as other successful rp_downtown derivatives, I'm incredibly grateful for the thousands(!!!) who've downloaded and checked out the map throughout it's development, it's y'all that have made it all worthwhile :^))

## License Notes
The design of this map, and the subsequent .VMF file, are both licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/.
Original assets created for this map are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/.

Please consult the Credits file for content contained in the .BSP not owned my myself.
